Add guide for tree shaking in JavaScript (#4900)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/javascript/common/troubleshooting/index.mdx

```

Remember to pass in `true` as the second parameter to `addEventListener()`. Without it, the event handler won't be called, since it's being added to the event target's ancestor rather than the event target itself, and unlike JavaScript runtime errors, `error` events resulting from load failures don't bubble, and therefore must be captured during the `capture` phase. For more information, see [the W3C spec](https://www.w3.org/TR/2003/NOTE-DOM-Level-3-Events-20031107/events.html#Events-phases).

## Reducing Bundle Size

> Sentry ships with code that enables you to <PlatformLink to="/configuration/options/#debug">debug your Sentry configuration</PlatformLink>. While this code can be very useful in development environments, it is usually not necessary to include it in your production bundles where it takes up precious bytes. The JavaScript SDK uses special flags in its CommonJS and ESM distributions to facilitate tree-shaking of code sections that are used for debugging. Tree shaking is a way to remove unused code in your application during the build process.

Reviewer: Edited to improve flow, remove colloquial language, and keep spelling of _tree shaking_ consistent. The webpack docs use _tree shaking_ (no hyphen) so that's what we'll do in our docs (unless using it as an adjective). It's also appears to be the version in more regular use. I'll be adding this to our word list today.

```suggestion
Sentry ships with code that enables you to <PlatformLink to="/configuration/options/#debug">debug your Sentry configuration</PlatformLink>. While this code can be very useful in development environments, it's not typically necessary to include it in your production bundles where it takes up valuable space. The JavaScript SDK uses special flags in its CommonJS and ESM distributions to facilitate tree shaking of code sections that are used for debugging. Tree shaking is a way to remove unused code in your application during the build process.
```

> To mark any debug code as unused, we must replace debug flags in the sentry SDK with `false`. We outlined examples of how to do this in popular toolchains below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To mark any debug code as unused, you must replace debug flags in the Sentry SDK with `false`. We've outlined examples of how to do this in popular toolchains below.
```

> ### Tree-shaking Debug Code with webpack

Reviewer 2: should we hide these for the nextjs platform?

Author: Yeah you're right. For nextjs, only the nextjs config section makes sense. Updated in: 41391dc7e2c7de38a69bd33e0cb7f8840d209cf7

> ### Tree-shaking Debug Code with webpack

Reviewer: AP style title casing and spelling
```suggestion
### Tree Shaking Debug Code With webpack
```

> To tree-shake Sentry debug code in your webpack bundles, we recommend using webpack's [DefinePlugin](https://webpack.js.org/plugins/define-plugin/). Use it to replace all occurrences of the `__SENTRY_DEBUG__` flag with `false`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To tree shake Sentry debug code in your webpack bundles, we recommend using webpack's [DefinePlugin](https://webpack.js.org/plugins/define-plugin/). Use it to replace all occurrences of the `__SENTRY_DEBUG__` flag with `false`:
```

```javascript {filename:webpack.config.js}
const webpack = require("webpack");

module.exports = {
  // ... other options
  plugins: [
    new webpack.DefinePlugin({
      __SENTRY_DEBUG__: false,
    }),
    // ... other plugins
  ],
};
```

> ### Tree-shaking Debug Code with rollup.js

Reviewer: Also suggest changing this title to use _Rollup_ instead of _rollup.js_ to avoid awkward lack of capitalization. In Rollup docs, they tend to refer to it as just _Rollup_ and capitalize it. Only in the header of the site do they refer to it as _rollup.js_ (lowercase). But if just calling it _Rollup_ instead of _rollup.js_ is going to make it less clear for users, then leave it lowercase _rollup.js_.

```suggestion
### Tree Shaking Debug Code With rollup.js
```

> If you are using rollup.js, we recommend [rollup's replace plugin](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@rollup/plugin-replace) to replace all occurrences of `__SENTRY_DEBUG__` with `false`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using rollup.js, we recommend [rollup's replace plugin](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@rollup/plugin-replace) to replace all occurrences of `__SENTRY_DEBUG__` with `false`:
```

```javascript {filename:rollup.config.js}
import replace from "@rollup/plugin-replace";
import { terser } from "rollup-plugin-terser";

export default {
  // ... other options
  treeshake: "smallest", // recommended for best tree shaking results
  plugins: [
    replace({
      preventAssignment: false, // not necessary because flags are not assigned to
      values: {
        __SENTRY_DEBUG__: false,
      },
    }),
    // ... other plugins (best placed after)
  ],
};
```

<PlatformSection supported={["javascript.nextjs"]}>

> ### Tree-shaking Debug Code with Next.js

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Tree Shaking Debug Code With Next.js
```

> To tree-shake Sentry debug code in Next.js projects, you can use webpack's [DefinePlugin](https://webpack.js.org/plugins/define-plugin/). The following Next.js configuration will replace all occurrences of `__SENTRY_DEBUG__` in your bundles with `false`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To tree shake Sentry debug code in Next.js projects, you can use webpack's [DefinePlugin](https://webpack.js.org/plugins/define-plugin/). The following Next.js configuration will replace all occurrences of `__SENTRY_DEBUG__` in your bundles with `false`:
```

```javascript {filename:next.config.js}
const nextConfig = {
  webpack: (config, { webpack }) => {
    config.plugins.push(
      new webpack.DefinePlugin({
        __SENTRY_DEBUG__: false,
      })
    );

    // return the modified config
    return config;
  },
};
```

> For more information on custom webpack configurations in Next.js see [Custom Webpack Config](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-reference/next.config.js/custom-webpack-config) in the Next.js docs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on custom webpack configurations in Next.js, see [Custom Webpack Config](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-reference/next.config.js/custom-webpack-config) in the Next.js docs.
```

<PlatformSection notSupported={["javascript.nextjs"]}>
To mark any debug code as unused, you must replace debug flags in the Sentry SDK with `false`. We've outlined examples of how to do this in popular toolchains below.
</PlatformSection>

<PlatformSection notSupported={["javascript.nextjs"]}>

### Tree Shaking Debug Code With webpack

To tree shake Sentry debug code in your webpack bundles, we recommend using webpack's [DefinePlugin](https://webpack.js.org/plugins/define-plugin/). Use it to replace all occurrences of the `__SENTRY_DEBUG__` flag with `false`:

```javascript {filename:webpack.config.js}
const webpack = require("webpack");

module.exports = {
  // ... other options
  plugins: [
    new webpack.DefinePlugin({
      __SENTRY_DEBUG__: false,
    }),
    // ... other plugins
  ],
};
```

</PlatformSection>

<PlatformSection notSupported={["javascript.nextjs"]}>

### Tree Shaking Debug Code With rollup.js

> If you're using rollup.js, we recommend [rollup's replace plugin](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@rollup/plugin-replace) to replace all occurrences of `__SENTRY_DEBUG__` with `false`:

Author: I thought about it when writing. I opted for the npm link because the repo link is not top-level meaning it could change and break.

> If you're using rollup.js, we recommend [rollup's replace plugin](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@rollup/plugin-replace) to replace all occurrences of `__SENTRY_DEBUG__` with `false`:

Reviewer 3: If it did change, they'd leave a placeholder to direct people to the right place, though, the same way they did with the only version: https://github.com/rollup/rollup-plugin-replace#moved.

```javascript {filename:rollup.config.js}
import replace from "@rollup/plugin-replace";
import { terser } from "rollup-plugin-terser";

export default {
  // ... other options
  treeshake: "smallest", // recommended for best tree shaking results
  plugins: [

>     replace({
>       preventAssignment: false, // not necessary because flags are not assigned to
>       values: {
>         __SENTRY_DEBUG__: false,
>       },
>     }),

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    replace({
       __SENTRY_DEBUG__: false,
    }),
```

`preventAssignment` defaults to `false` (and even if it's `true`, it makes no difference, because as you say, it doesn't apply here).

Reviewer 3: > the plugin spits out some message that the default is gonna change soon

Ah, right, had for gotten about this. I agree that's not ideal, but yeah, let's let them worry about that and keep our instructions simple.

    // ... other plugins (best placed after)
  ],
};
```

</PlatformSection>

<PlatformSection supported={["javascript.nextjs"]}>

### Tree Shaking Debug Code With Next.js

> To tree shake Sentry debug code in Next.js projects, you can use webpack's [DefinePlugin](https://webpack.js.org/plugins/define-plugin/). The following Next.js configuration will replace all occurrences of `__SENTRY_DEBUG__` in your bundles with `false`:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To tree shake Sentry debug code in Next.js projects, you can use webpack's [DefinePlugin](https://webpack.js.org/plugins/define-plugin/) in your Next.js configuration.
```

(Same as above.)

```javascript {filename:next.config.js}
const nextConfig = {

>   webpack: (config, { webpack }) => {

Reviewer 3: You've tested this, I assume? Is the second `webpack` here actually the webpack module? (The next docs don't say.)

Author: Yeah it's actually the webpack module. (Questions like these always make me double-doubt my process but I'm gonna trust it here.)
